Clarify activation (#4351)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/ops/bizops/user_definitions.md

## Sourcegraph Cloud

### User status definitions

| Status      | Description                                                                                            |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Visitor     | A user who landed on Sourcegraph Cloud                                                                 |
| Active      | A user who performed an active event for the time period (see Amplitude for the list of active events) |
| Retained    | A user who were active last month _and_ this month                                                     |
| Churned     | A user who were active last month but not this month                                                   |
| Resurrected | A user who were _not_ active last month but is active this month                                       |
| Registered  | A user who created an account on Sourcegraph Cloud                                                     |

### Key metrics

We track the following key metrics:

- acquisition: number of visitors

> - activation: the percentage of users that had a successfull initial experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- activation: the percentage of visitors that had a successful initial experience.
```

Just to check, is this correct? Or should it be "the percentage of active users that had a successful initial experience"? Curious how the calculation is performed/what the denominator is.

- retention: the number of active users retained time period over time period

> #### Activation

Reviewer: Just to confirm, the list of events below is not the same as the list of events that is used as the definition of an active user in a period, right? That list has more included (such as viewing search results)?

Author: Indeed. The list of events is very large, and define in Amplitude. This is defined in the table above.
